
Current design: Assuming the user is a Smith student that is (or wants to) major in computer science, the program will ask the user if they have taken each of the required courses for the computer science major. The user will have to enter y or n depending on if they have taken the class yet. Once the user has answered all the questions, the program will output each class and the status of it. The options of tthe status are: completing the course, have not taken the course but have taken the prequisite courses, and missing at least one preqrequisite course. If the user is missing a prerequisite course, then they are told which preqrequisite course(s) they are missing.

Alternate design: Creating a table for each semester to visually show the user when they would be taken required classes for the major. We phased out this idea, because we needed to shift our focus to getting the program to run and having the code to compile. Trying to create a table would have taken up a lot of time that we didn't have. We also took a long time to firgure out how to order the Hashtable and without the Hashtable being the order we wanted it to be in, we couldn't create a fancy schedule template for the user. We also wanted to print out a recommendation for the next course the user can take that they satisfy the prerequisite classes for, but we didn't have the time for that, so we just have a statement printed out if they have taken the prequisite courses for major courses that they have not taken yet. 
