What was your overall approach to tackling this project?
What new thing(s) did you learn / figure out in completing this project?
Is there anything that you wish you had implemented differently?
If you had unlimited time, what additional features would you implement?
What was the most helpful piece of feedback you received while working on your project? Who gave it to you?
If you could go back in time and give your past self some advice about this project, what hints would you give?
If you worked with a team: please comment on how your team dynamics influenced your experience working on this project.


To tackle this project, we just went into starting it instead of mapping out exactly what we wanted to do to figure out the best plan of attack. This caused many problems in trying to get the program to work, since we didn't have a clear sense of what our direction would be. While working on this project, I learned how to sort a hashtable. I wish we were able to implement creting courses differnelty. We had to hard code the course information for each class. With more time, I would have wanted to learn how to read a file in java and use that to create a for loop to add each course into the Hashtable. I would have also wanted to create a recommend function that would list out the courses the user should take in order of when they should take them (in the math/intro classes, core classes, and higher level elective classes order. I also wish that we could have made the output to look more like a table so that it would be easier for the user to read it. While working on this project, the most helpful piece of feedback I got was to be less depended on creating ArrayLists and using the Hashtable and methods already made to get the desired output. If I could give myself advice on this project, I would want to go to TA hours anytime they're available, even if we don't have a question. Working during TA hours for the whole 2 hours is great, because it ensures that we're both working together on the project, and if any problems arise, we can talk to one of the TA's to get help. We can also tallk to other classmates while waiting for a TA to go over what issues we have and trying to help each other out. I would also advise myself to make more of an effort to have a head start on the project because it became really difficult for us to get together to work on the project during the reading and finals periods. Working with a partner on this project was a great experience. Even when one of us couldn't come to professor or TA office hours, the other would be able to and this would maximize the amount of help we could get on the project. We would update each other on the changes we've made about everyday. I had a great time working with Nafisa on this prject and I think that working with her made this project better than if I had worked on this alone. 
